# Customer Contact List - Web Module

This project is a front-end web module built with Angular, TypeScript, and NPM. It was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.8. It is a customer contact form that allows the user to submit their information such as:

- **Nome Completo** - This field only allows letter characters and should have a minimum length of 10 characters.
- **CEP** - This field only accepts numbers and generates Endereço, Bairro, Cidade, and Estado. This information comes from a [external CEP API from BrasilAPI project](https://brasilapi.com.br/docs#tag/CEP) 
- **Endereço** - This field is generated by the CEP, but the user can modify it if needed.
- **Bairro** - This field is generated by the CEP, but the user can modify it if needed.
- **Cidade** - This field is generated by the CEP, but the user can modify it if needed.
- **Estado** - This field is generated by the CEP, but the user can modify it if needed.
- **Número** - This field only accepts numbers.
- **Telefone** - This field is a list of numeric values, and at least one value must be filled in. The value must be unique to the customer and cannot be related to another.

## Prerequisites

To build this project, you will need the following:
- Node.js
- npm
- Angular CLI (+ Angular version 9.0.6 or above)
- TypeScript (>= 3.6.0)

## Starting Development server

1. Run ` json-server --watch db.json` to start the mock server.
2. Run `ng serve -c development` for a dev server. 
3. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. 

## Starting Production server
1. Run `ng serve -c production` for a prod server. 

## Building the project

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

